Match changelog updates with public unified changelog (#15769)
github/codeql: java/ql/src/CHANGELOG.md

### Minor Analysis Improvements

* The sanitizer for the path injection queries has been improved to handle more cases where `equals` is used to check an exact path match.

> * The query `java/unvalidated-url-redirectio`n now sanitizes results following the same logic as the query `java/ssrf`. URLs where the destination cannot be controlled externally are no longer reported.

Reviewer: This seems like a mistake?

```suggestion
* The query `java/unvalidated-url-redirection` now sanitizes results following the same logic as the query `java/ssrf`. URLs where the destination cannot be controlled externally are no longer reported.
```

Author: Thanks for spotting that!
